README.md, before:

# Tech Blog

# Model View Controller Practice
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-brightgreen.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description 
>*A project to practice separation of concerns (Model View Controller - MVC) as well as learn how to use the Handlebars.js templating engine.*
[View Deployed Version Here](http://mvc-unh.herokuapp.com/)
-----------

![Screenshot Demo](images/homepage.png)

-----------
## Table of Contents

* [Installation and 'How to' Video](#installation)

* [Usage](#usage)

* [License](#license)

* [Contributing](#contributing)

* [Tests](#tests)

* [Resources](#resources)

* [Questions](#questions)

-----------
## Installation 
If you would like to install this project on your local computer, make sure you have a database you can run the seeds into. Seeds are sample rows for each model (table), to give you some starter data. Reading the package.json will go a long ways, so of course, make sure you read the script and seeds code, as well as run an npm install.

This project is hosted on Heroku and utilizes JawsDB. The .env is not uploaded to GitHub for security reasons, but to fully replicate this website on a cloud-based platform, you will need to generate a connection string in order to seed the data through a database on such a platform as Heroku. I did so from .env with JawsDB.

-----------

## Usage 
 

-----------

## License 
This project was created under the MIT License.

-----------

## Contributing 
 

-----------

## Tests 
 

-----------

## Resources
[Sequelize Model Configuring](https://sequelize.org/v5/manual/models-definition.html#configuration)
 
[What is express-sessions](https://alialhaddad.medium.com/the-basics-of-express-sessions-and-why-to-use-it-4acf0b0cbaf1)
 
[Connect Session Store using Sequelize](https://www.npmjs.com/package/connect-session-sequelize)
 
[express-session](https://www.npmjs.com/package/express-session)
 
[Status Code Definitions](https://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec10.html)
 
[Bootstrap 5 Login Example](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/examples/sign-in/)
 
[MDN HTTP Status Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/500)
 
[foreignKey Sequelize](https://sequelize.org/master/class/lib/model.js~Model.html#static-method-hasMany)
 
[Markdown Cheatsheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)
 
[Sequelize v3 Clean Documentation](https://sequelize.org/v3/docs/associations/#:~:text=foreignKey%20will%20allow%20you%20to,key%20in%20the%20through%20relation.&text=Of%20course%20you%20can%20also,Person.)
 
[Sequelize Associations](https://sequelize.org/v3/api/associations/)
 
[Sequelize Querying](https://sequelize.org/v3/docs/querying/)

[Sequelize Model Basics](https://sequelize.org/master/manual/model-basics.html)

[Sequelize Getters and Setters](https://sequelize.org/master/manual/getters-setters-virtuals.html)
 

 
-----------

## Questions 
GitHub: https://github.com/Pythonidaer

For additional information, please reach out to codefolio.work@gmail.com

<a href="https://twitter.com/jonamichahammo">
    <img alt="Twitter: jonamichahammo" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/jonamichahammo.svg?style=social" target="_blank" />
</a>

Commit message:

Researched and added more articles to the readme for Sequelize. Found a bug in that if you update a comment with no text it will save that. But you need a link to open the comment again, so now I have to reseed the whole database just to get that record out of there.

README.md, after:

# Tech Blog

# Model View Controller Practice
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-brightgreen.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description 
>*A project to practice separation of concerns (Model View Controller - MVC) as well as learn how to use the Handlebars.js templating engine.*
[View Deployed Version Here](http://mvc-unh.herokuapp.com/)
-----------

![Screenshot Demo](images/homepage.png)

-----------
## Table of Contents

* [Installation and 'How to' Video](#installation)

* [Usage](#usage)

* [License](#license)

* [Contributing](#contributing)

* [Tests](#tests)

* [Resources](#resources)

* [Questions](#questions)

-----------
## Installation 
If you would like to install this project on your local computer, make sure you have a database you can run the seeds into. Seeds are sample rows for each model (table), to give you some starter data. Reading the package.json will go a long ways, so of course, make sure you read the script and seeds code, as well as run an npm install.

This project is hosted on Heroku and utilizes JawsDB. The .env is not uploaded to GitHub for security reasons, but to fully replicate this website on a cloud-based platform, you will need to generate a connection string in order to seed the data through a database on such a platform as Heroku. I did so from .env with JawsDB.

-----------

## Usage 
You are free to use this for learning purposes. The idea is not my own save for some light creative design. This was a homework for Trilogy Full Stack Developer coding bootcamp associated with the University of New Hampshire.

-----------

## License 
This project was created under the MIT License.

-----------

## Contributing 
I am not looking for contributors, but please reach out to me if you are looking for contributors on projects. I may be able to help out with HTML/CSS/JavaScript or perhaps some debugging.

-----------

## Tests 
There are no tests for this.
1. Git Clone
2. npm install
3. node seeds/index.js
4. read the package.json!
5. node server.js and test on your local host

If at this point you are unable to get the project up and running, feel free to reach out.

-----------

## Resources
[Sequelize Model Configuring](https://sequelize.org/v5/manual/models-definition.html#configuration)
 
[What is express-sessions](https://alialhaddad.medium.com/the-basics-of-express-sessions-and-why-to-use-it-4acf0b0cbaf1)
 
[Connect Session Store using Sequelize](https://www.npmjs.com/package/connect-session-sequelize)
 
[express-session](https://www.npmjs.com/package/express-session)
 
[Status Code Definitions](https://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec10.html)
 
[Bootstrap 5 Login Example](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/examples/sign-in/)
 
[MDN HTTP Status Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/500)
 
[foreignKey Sequelize](https://sequelize.org/master/class/lib/model.js~Model.html#static-method-hasMany)
 
[Markdown Cheatsheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)
 
[Sequelize v3 Clean Documentation](https://sequelize.org/v3/docs/associations/#:~:text=foreignKey%20will%20allow%20you%20to,key%20in%20the%20through%20relation.&text=Of%20course%20you%20can%20also,Person.)
 
[Sequelize Associations](https://sequelize.org/v3/api/associations/)
 
[Sequelize Querying](https://sequelize.org/v3/docs/querying/)

[Sequelize Model Basics](https://sequelize.org/master/manual/model-basics.html)

[Sequelize Getters and Setters](https://sequelize.org/master/manual/getters-setters-virtuals.html)

[Sequelize Hooks](https://sequelize.org/v3/docs/hooks/)

[Async/Await](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/43422932/async-await-always-returns-promise#:~:text=The%20await%20statement%20operates%20on,resolve%20s%20or%20reject%20s.&text=log%20on%20the%20result%20of,unwrap%20the%20Promise%20for%20you.)

[MDN Docs: Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise)

[JavaScript Modules](https://stackify.com/node-js-module-exports/#:~:text=Module%20exports%20are%20the%20instruction,to%20access%20the%20exported%20code.)

[Sequelize Dialect Specific Things](https://sequelize.org/master/manual/dialect-specific-things.html)

[process.env](https://codeburst.io/process-env-what-it-is-and-why-when-how-to-use-it-effectively-505d0b2831e7#:~:text=The%20process.,env.)
 
[Fix for Sequelize turning floats into strings](https://github.com/sequelize/sequelize/issues/8019)
 
-----------

## Questions 
GitHub: https://github.com/Pythonidaer

For additional information, please reach out to codefolio.work@gmail.com

<a href="https://twitter.com/jonamichahammo">
    <img alt="Twitter: jonamichahammo" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/jonamichahammo.svg?style=social" target="_blank" />
</a>
